'\" t
.\"     Title: blockade
.\"    Author: Michael L. Schaecher
.\"  Homepage: <https://github.com/mschaecher78/blockade/>
.\"      Date: 01\ \&july\ \&2020
.\"    Manual: blockade
.\"    Source: blockade 0.9.5.0
.\"  Language: English
.\"
.TH "BLOCKADE" "1" "09\ \&June\ \&2020"
.\"
.SH "NAME"
.PP
Blockade \- Update /etc/hosts file using Steven Black hosts project https://github.com/StevenBlack/hosts.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
blockade [ options ] [ options ]=date
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBblockade\fR,
enables you to apply commonly know url's and websites that bad for you and your computer to the /etc/hosts
file. The file is automaticaly updated on the backend with you having to worry.
.PP
.TP
\fB-a, --edit=\fR
Add url or website to the hosts file; example \fB--edit=www.badwebiste.com\fR.
.TP
\fB-m, --update\fR
Manually update hosts using the current configurations. This option is ran automaticaly by systemd timer service.
.TP
\fB-i, --interval=date\fR
Set the time when to update the hosts file. This can be daily, weekly, monthly or yearly; you can also set pick a
specific date and time when this is done (example day-month-year-hour:minute), the default is monthly. See \fBSET
INTERVAL\fR for more details.
.TP
\fB-c, --type\fR
Show's a list of avialible hosts to download and install, the default is unified. See \fBHOSTS TYPE\fR for more details.
.TP
\fB-g, --info\fR
Displays info according to systemctl.
.TP
\fB-h, --help\fR
Displays blockade help info.
.TP
\fB-v, --version\fR
Display blockade version.
.PP
.SH SET INTERVAL
By defaul the hosts file is updated monthly, but this can be changed manually by running the command/'s below.
.SH SIGNING
.PP
Signing either modules, or kernel \fBvmlinux-(version)\fR is straight forward. This can be done with a compiled kernel
or installed one. \fBWARNING\fR: The kernel and modules must be signed with the same key type, otherwise you will
see a warning about a none matching key. Signing a kernel binary also requires that the \fBinitram image\fR be rebuilt.
See the man page for \fBinitramfs\fR for more details on how this is done.
.PP
blockade can also sign a single kernel module, this is useful for modules built outside of the main installed/compiled
kernel. It is possible to sign efi binary images, but this is discouraged.
.PP
Signing binary kernel vmlinux image.
.PP
\fB	blockade --image --path=/path/to/vmlinux-(version)\fR
.PP
Signing single module build outside of main installed kernel.
.PP
\fB	blockade --module --path=/path/to/(module binary)\fR
.PP
Signing all modules.
.PP
\fB	blockade --modules-all --path/path/to/module/kernel-(version)/directory
.PP
Signing with a different key if key was not generated with blockade and one is alread register to shim.
.PP
\fB	blockade --(image, module, modules-all) --key-private=/path/to/(private key) --key-public=/path/to/(public key)
.PP
.SH ALSO SEE
.PP
\fBsbsign\fR,
\fBkmodsign\fR,
\fBopenssl\fR and
\fBmokutil\fR.
